feat(gazelle): Add "python_default_visibility" directive (#1787)
bazelbuild/rules_python: gazelle/README.md

[python-packaging-user-guide]: https://github.com/pypa/packaging.python.org/blob/4c86169a/source/tutorials/packaging-projects.rst

#### Directive: `python_default_visibility`:

Instructs gazelle to use these visibility labels on all _python_ targets
(typically `py_*`, but can be modified via the `map_kind` directive). The arg
to this directive is a a comma-separated list (without spaces) of labels.

For example:

```starlark
# gazelle:python_default_visibility //:__subpackages__,//tests:__subpackages__
```

produces the following visibility attribute:

```starlark
py_library(
    ...,
    visibility = [
        "//:__subpackages__",
        "//tests:__subpackages__",
    ],
    ...,
)
```

You can also inject the `python_root` value by using the exact string
`$python_root`:

```starlark
# an absurd example

> # gazelle:python_default_visibility //$python_root:__pkg__,//foo/$python_root/tests:__subpackages__,//$python_root/$python_root/foo:bar

Reviewer: Thinking more, `//$python_root/$python_root/foo:bar` will probably confuse users. Let's keep this more straightforward and remove it?

# assuming the "# gazelle:python_root" directive is set in ./py/src/BUILD.bazel
# results in:
py_library(
    ...,
    visibility = [
        "//foo/py/src/tests:__subpackages__",  # sorted alphabetically
        "//py/src/py/src/foo:bar",
        "//py/src:__pkg__",
    ],
    ...,
)
```

Two special values are also accepted as an arg to the directive:

+   `NONE`: This removes all default visibility. Labels added by the
    `python_visibility` directive are still included.
+   `DEFAULT`: This resets the default visibility.

For example:

```starlark
# gazelle:python_default_visibility NONE

# results in no `visibility` attribute being set:
py_library(
    name = "...",
    srcs = [...],
)
```

```starlark
# gazelle:python_default_visibility //foo:bar
# gazelle:python_default_visibility DEFAULT

# results in:
py_library(
    ...,
    visibility = ["//:__subpackages__"],
    ...,
)
```

> These special values can be useful for descendant `BAZEL.build` packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These special values can be useful for sub-packages.
```
